Add contributors.md (#2)
cilium/community: CONTRIBUTORS.md

# Cilium Contributors

These are the wonderful people who have donated their time and effort to help
make Cilium better for all of us to use. We wouldn't be where we are today
without your contributions. Thank you! 💖

New contributors should add their name to the bottom of this list on their first

> community contribution. If you are a contributor in other ways other than code, please

Reviewer: Maybe add a note to explain that code contributors will automatically be added on new releases? I don't want to encourage code contributors to open new PRs to update this file when this is already handled automatically

> New contributors should add their name to the bottom of this list on their first
> community contribution. If you are a contributor in other ways other than code, please
> either submit a pull request adding your name, or mention it to another organization member
> and we will add you. **All** contributors belong here. 💯

Author: ```suggestion
New non-code contributors should add their name to the bottom of this list on their first
community contribution, like writing a blog, giving a talk, or organizing a meetup. 
Please either submit a pull request adding your name, or mention it to another organization member
and we will add you. **All** contributors belong here. 💯
```
